update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-custom-loading-panel: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T228855)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Loading Panel for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to implement a custom loading panel for the ASPxCallbackPanel control
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t228855/)**
<!-- run online end -->

This example demonstrates how to use the [ASPxLoadingPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxLoadingPanel) control to implement a custom loading panel for the [ASPxCallbackPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxCallbackPanel) control.

![Custom Loading Panel](loading-panel.png)

> The [ASPxCallbackPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxCallbackPanel) control includes a built-in loading panel, however you can implement a custom panel in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ASPxCallbackPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxCallbackPanel) control includes a built-in loading panel. However, you can implement a custom panel in the following way:
```

1. Set the [SettingsLoadingPanel.Enabled](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.SettingsLoadingPanel.Enabled) property to `false` to disable the default panel.
    
    ```aspx
    <dx:ASPxCallbackPanel ID="CallbackPanel" ClientInstanceName="CallbackPanel" ...>
        <SettingsLoadingPanel Enabled="false" />
        ...
    ```
2. Use the [ASPxLoadingPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxLoadingPanel) control to implement a custom loading panel.

    ```aspx
    <dx:ASPxLoadingPanel ID="LoadingPanel" ClientInstanceName="LoadingPanel" runat="server"
        Modal="true" HorizontalAlign="Center" VerticalAlign="Middle">
        <Image Url="Images/load.gif" Height="50px" Width="50px"></Image>
    </dx:ASPxLoadingPanel>
    ```

> 3. Handle the callback panel's [BeginCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientCallbackPanel.BeginCallback) and [EndCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientCallbackPanel.EndCallback) events to show and hide the customloading panel respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Handle the callback panel's [BeginCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientCallbackPanel.BeginCallback) and [EndCallback](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientCallbackPanel.EndCallback) events to show and hide the custom loading panel, respectively.
```
